harmonia_src
=============

Vivado & HLS project: neural monitor for missile case study 

### Description

This is a source code to generate a vivado project which is
used as a case study for a neural monitor in DATE'2016 paper.

### Requirements

* Vivado 2015.2
* Vivado HLS 
* Python 2.7

### Installation instructions

To generate all the required IPs and the Vivado project run:

`installation_script`

(i.e. the above script will do ALL the required work up to bit-stream
generation, as a USER in an ideal world you do not need to do anything)

The structure of the repository:

* `hls_src` contains C/C++ sources for generating neural monitors 
   in vivado HLS. Each sub-monitor is generated in a sequence
   of steps which are governed by the corresponding tcl-scripts.

*  `ip_from_hls` is a folder to store IPs generated by vivado HLS.
   The script `copy_hls_ips.sh` in this folder copies generated IPs to 
   from `hls_src` to this directory.

* `ip_infineon` contains IPs that are used in the project developed by
   Infineon (e.g. RS-trigger, Clock divider, signal generator)

* `vivado` holds all vivado related source files and tcl-scripts for
   generating a vivado project. The script 	build_missile.tcl` is a
   main script for creating the project.


The flow to generate the vivado project:

* `hls_src` contains C/C++ sources for generating neural monitors 
   in vivado HLS. Each sub-monitor is generated in a sequence
   of steps which are governed by corresponding tcl-scripts.
   For `monitor`s:

   - and_mon 

   - bounded_hist 

   - bounded_once 

   - edge_mon 

   - impl_mon 

   - punc_once_4

   - punc_once_5

   we need to run `vivado_hls -f {monitor}.tcl`. This script invokes
   Vivado HLS to perform compilation, RTL synthesis, co-simulation
   and finally to generate IP which corresponds to a sub-monitor.

*  IPs generated by HLS are buried in directory tree (e.g.
   {monitor}/solution1/impl/ip/{IP_NAME}.zip). The script
   `copy_hls_ips.sh` in `ip_from_hls` directory copies all
   the generated IPs in one place to use these IP further in Vivado
   project.

*  The tcl-script `build_missile.tcl` in the `vivado` folder generates
   the Vivado project that contains block design and a debug core. Files
   in `vivado/src` folder are sourced and included if necessary. To
   create the project, run `source build_missile.tcl` from Vivado Tcl
   Console.

### License

Need to agree about licencing terms.

### About the author

I am a PhD Student at Vienna University of Technology and 
a project assistant in HARMONIA FFG Project.

Konstantin Selyunin

http://www.selyunin.com
